---
title: Life Jacket Loaner Program
id: "3889561a-cf40-481d-bedb-be301b8607ec"
template: "blog-single"
blueprint: blog
date: "2023-09-24"
---
Community Ambulance has teamed up with Atlantic Coast Veterinary Specialists and Suffolk County Police Department to provide a loaner life jacket program at no charge!

All sizes for adults and dogs have been generously donated from child to adult, or chihuahua to great dane! Make sure your loved ones are safe out on the boat or pool!

With 20 life jackets (5 infant, 5 child, 5 youth and 5 adult) and 10 dog jackets (2 extra small, 2 small, 2 medium, 2 large and 2 extra large) available for loan, we are allowing hundreds of children, adults and dogs from our community to stay safer on the water.  Every person who borrows a life jacket will be provided with water safety educational flyers to include how to properly size and wear the loaner jacket.

Here’s how the Life Jacket Loaner Program works:

If a boater, resident or visitor discovers they don’t have enough life jackets, they can simply call 631-567-2586 Ext 117 to make an appointment to pick one up at the Community Ambulance HQ, 420 Lakeland Avenue in Sayville

You will be asked to provide a valid Driver’s license, phone number and sign a waiver upon receipt.  When they’ve finished, just return the jackets to the same location.

In addition, while partnering with the YMCA to distribute several Free Swim Lesson Scholarships to children in need throughout our EMS District.  These YMCA scholarships awarded will afford children from our area nine sessions of no cost swim lessons at the YMCA in an effort to prevent drownings in our community.
