---
title: National Prescription Drug Take Back Day
id: "c60aa7a3-a27c-4870-b1f4-9a2b4761c527"
template: "blog-single"
blueprint: blog
date: "2023-09-22"
---
Community Ambulance Company partnering with the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), United States Congressman Andrew Garbarino, NYS Assemblyman Jarett Gandolfo, Islip Town Councilman Jim O’Connor, Islip Town Councilman John Lorenzo, Youth enrichment Services (YES) and the Great South Bay Coalition will be participating in the 24th National Prescription Drug Take Back Day!

##### Turn in your expired unused medications for Safe Disposal!

##### **Saturday April 22, 2023**
**10:00AM – 2:00PM**
**420 Lakeland Ave, Sayville**

The public can drop off medications at the Community Ambulance Company located at 420 Lakeland Avenue in Sayville. The drop off location is conveniently located in the front of the building, first floor, making it easy to drive up and drop off the medications without delay.
The National Prescription Drug Take Back Day aims to provide a safe, convenient, and responsible means of disposing of prescription drugs, while also educating the general public about the potential for abuse of medications.

The event can also be found and shared on Facebook through the event page located at: [https://fb.me/e/2Sk01Rvd1](https://fb.me/e/2Sk01Rvd1)

Additional information on the National Prescription Drug Take Back campaign can be found at [https://takebackday.dea.gov/](https://takebackday.dea.gov/)
Non-medical use of prescription medicines remains a significant part of the drug problem here on Long Island. Prescription medications account for most of the commonly abused drugs by the nation’s youth. According to data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, over 50 percent of people who abuse prescription drugs for nonmedical reasons obtained them from friends or relatives with permission and for free. Unwanted or expired medications left in the home could increase opportunities for drug abuse, drug diversion, and accidental poisonings.

**If you missed us, remember you can always safely discard of unused medications anonymously at each of the Suffolk County’s seven police precincts 24/7.**
