---
title: "Shred Day & Identity Theft Prevention"
id: "e8518d4c-f256-4da8-82db-f43b2aefaca0"
template: "blog-single"
blueprint: blog
date: "2023-09-22"
---
Community Ambulance Company has partnered with Suffolk County Sheriff Errol D. Toulon Jr., Islip Town Councilman John Lorenzo, US Postal Inspectors Service, the Great South Bay Coalition and Youth Enrichment Services (YES) to host a mobile paper shredding event to allow you to safely and securely destroy unwanted personal documents.
The confiscation of confidential information by the wrong people can be devastating and lead to months, years and often a lifetime of legal battles to regain your identity.  One great way to avoid identity theft and keep your confidential information private is by shredding them.

The Shred Truck on site will have a camera and screen so you can watch your personal information being destroyed. The United States Postal Inspectors will be on site to give valuable information on how to protect your identity and answer any questions.
The public can drop off items at the Community Ambulance Company located at** [420 Lakeland Avenue in Sayville]()**. The drop off location is conveniently located in the front of the building parking lot, making it easy and convenient to drive up and drop off without delay. The US Postal Inspectors will have a table near the shred truck.

This event will allow for each person to bring up to three boxes or bags of paper to be shredded by professional shredding vehicle on site and all documentation is then safely recycled.

#### Please note this event is only open to individuals, not businesses or commercial.
WHEN: Saturday, April 15, 2023
TIME: 9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
WHERE: Community Ambulance Company
420 Lakeland Avenue in Sayville
